<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="GUID-d08ab884-5753-574d-491f-08057103defe" outputclass="2">
  <title id="The-ideal-conversion">The ideal conversion</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>(1) We clean up the customers data</p>
    <p>(2) We do a proof of concept for the customer using 1 or 2 representative
documents from each author (and their style guide).</p>
    <p>(3) While we do the PoC the customer practices taking snapshots of all their
content. When the PoC is done the customer sends us a snapshot of ALL their
content.</p>
    <p>(4) We enhance the conversion program and show the customer the proposed
results applied to their test snapshot.</p>
    <p>(5) When the customer 
      <b>reasonably</b>
 happy with the results they take a
new production snapshot - preferably on Friday and send it to us.
    </p>
    <p>(7) We run the conversion program and send the results back within a few
hours.</p>
    <p>(8) The customer checks the results and if good accepts them into their
production system and starts using them on Monday.</p>
    <p>(9) If the customer discovers more changes they would like to make they
should: (a) Send us a new snap shot and a description of the changes to be made
(b) We write/test/run the code to perform the requested change (c) If the
customer is using a Git based system we send them the changed files as new
branches and the authors merge the branches as they see fit. (d) If the
customer is not using a Git based system we send them differential patches to
apply as they see fit. This is identical to the process that Git uses when
merging two branches so there is nothing novel here. (e) Repeat as necessary
until done.</p>
    <p>Ideally we would bill after each step and not advance to the next step until
we are confident with the customers willingness to pay for the work completed
so far.</p>
    <p>This approach allows us to get the maximum benefit from the conversion
effort in the shortest amount of time. Alternative solutions divide the work up
too much and spend too much time redoing the conversion to accommodate trailing
minor changes much better done as described in (8).</p>
    <p>A major benefit of organizing work in this manner is that the hard part (the
conversion) can be done in one sprint without swapping to other projects
because all the data is available.</p>
    <p>The subsequent easier incremental work can be done in short self contained
sprints gain without swapping.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
<!--linted: 2019-07-21 at 13:02:34 -->
<!--catalog: /home/phil/r/dita/dita-ot-3.1/catalog-dita.xml -->
<!--ditaType: concept -->
<!--docType: <!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []> -->
<!--file: /home/phil/r/www/conversions/gh/out/c_the_ideal_conversion_9f62f7df084cb8490a345e3901774a72.dita -->
<!--guid: GUID-d08ab884-5753-574d-491f-08057103defe -->
<!--header: <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> -->
<!--inputFile: /home/phil/r/www/conversions/gh/in/gh/htmlToDita-master/automation.html -->
<!--lineNumber: Data::Edit::Xml::To::Dita /home/phil/perl/cpan/DataEditXmlToDita/lib/Data/Edit/Xml/To/Dita.pm 918 -->
<!--project: all -->
<!--title: The ideal conversion -->
<!--definition: The-ideal-conversion -->
<!--definition: GUID-d08ab884-5753-574d-491f-08057103defe -->
